Don't worry.
I've already paid for your grandmother's medical bills
In fact, you are really my guardian knight
You not only saved me
He also helped me pay for my grandmother's medical expenses
But
Where did you get so much money?
Grandma's medical expenses cost more than 200,000 yuan
Ah, that's all my savings.
Ah, although my salary is not high
But after all these years
I can save a 200,000
In fact, don't worry.
I will definitely return the money to you.
No.
It's just that my salary is not high now.
It may be slower.
Hey
I saw your costume design in the apartment
You are obviously so talented
Why don't you apply for a job as a designer?
I left college because of something
No company
Will want a high school
People with academic qualifications and no work
I just saw it on the Internet.
The design department of the world is hiring people
You have to try
World-weary group
It's the company where the richest man hates the world
Ah!
My degree
Definitely not
How do you know if you don't try?
Ok then I try
Project down two more points
If you don't agree, change it.
Talk to you later
actually
Actually, you know what?
I was accepted to the night market
I never imagined that one day
I can enter the night market group
You know my lucky star.
I knew you could do it.
Come on, I'll take you to the night market
Actually, why did you bring me here?
Shopping for clothes?
Celebrate your admission to the Night Market Group
Pick whatever you like
It's actually too expensive
Change one.
I said why does the mall smell poor and sour?
It's you